feat(docs): Migrate form patterns page and add usage sample in button (#2463)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/brave-dodos-know.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Migrate form patterns page from old documentation and add a usage sample to align buttons together in the button component page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated form patterns page from old documentation and added a usage sample to align buttons together in the button component page.
```
Maybe no need to talk about the "old documentation", "Documented the form patterns" could be enough.
